Fix: #1377. Deprecate unixsum and unixcksum. (#1378)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-digest-headers.md

[CMU-836068]. The "md5" and "sha" digest-algorithms are vulnerable to collisions attacks,
so they MUST NOT be used with `Digest`.

## Other Deprecated or Obsoleted Algorithms {#deprecated-algorithms}

The ADLER32 algorithm defined in [RFC1950] has been deprecated by [RFC3309]
because, under certain conditions, it provides weak detection of errors. It is now

> NOT RECOMMENDED for use with `Digest`.

Author: @LPardue `NOT RECOMMENDED` is not correct, probably

The status of "SHA" has been updated to "deprecated", and its description states
that this algorithm MUST NOT be used.

The status for "ADLER32" has been updated to "deprecated", and its description states
that this algorithm MUST NOT be used

The status for the "CRC2c", "UNIXsum" and "UNIXcksum"

> has been updated to "obsoleted", and their description
> states that those algorithms MUST NOT be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has been updated to "obsoleted", and their descriptions
state that those algorithms MUST NOT be used.
```
Multiple descriptions
